log_amount
log_income
credit_score
num_credit_cards
debt_to_income
amount_to_limit_ratio
is_high_amount
use_chip_Chip Transaction
use_chip_Online Transaction
use_chip_Swipe Transaction
card_type_Credit
card_type_Debit
card_type_Debit (Prepaid)
merchant_state_AA
merchant_state_AK
merchant_state_AL
merchant_state_AR
merchant_state_AZ
merchant_state_Albania
merchant_state_Algeria
merchant_state_Andorra
merchant_state_Antigua and Barbuda
merchant_state_Argentina
merchant_state_Aruba
merchant_state_Australia
merchant_state_Austria
merchant_state_Azerbaijan
merchant_state_Bahrain
merchant_state_Bangladesh
merchant_state_Barbados
merchant_state_Belgium
merchant_state_Belize
merchant_state_Benin
merchant_state_Bosnia and Herzegovina
merchant_state_Brazil
merchant_state_Brunei
merchant_state_Burkina Faso
merchant_state_CA
merchant_state_CO
merchant_state_CT
merchant_state_Cabo Verde
merchant_state_Cameroon
merchant_state_Canada
merchant_state_Chile
merchant_state_China
merchant_state_Colombia
merchant_state_Costa Rica
merchant_state_Cote d'Ivoire
merchant_state_Croatia
merchant_state_Cyprus
merchant_state_Czech Republic
merchant_state_DC
merchant_state_DE
merchant_state_Denmark
merchant_state_Dominican Republic
merchant_state_East Timor (Timor-Leste)
merchant_state_Ecuador
merchant_state_Egypt
merchant_state_Equatorial Guinea
merchant_state_Eritrea
merchant_state_Estonia
merchant_state_Ethiopia
merchant_state_FL
merchant_state_Fiji
merchant_state_Finland
merchant_state_France
merchant_state_GA
merchant_state_Gabon
merchant_state_Georgia
merchant_state_Germany
merchant_state_Ghana
merchant_state_Greece
merchant_state_Guatemala
merchant_state_Guinea
merchant_state_Guyana
merchant_state_HI
merchant_state_Haiti
merchant_state_Honduras
merchant_state_Hong Kong
merchant_state_Hungary
merchant_state_IA
merchant_state_ID
merchant_state_IL
merchant_state_IN
merchant_state_Iceland
merchant_state_India
merchant_state_Indonesia
merchant_state_Iran
merchant_state_Iraq
merchant_state_Ireland
merchant_state_Israel
merchant_state_Italy
merchant_state_Jamaica
merchant_state_Japan
merchant_state_Jordan
merchant_state_KS
merchant_state_KY
merchant_state_Kenya
merchant_state_Kosovo
merchant_state_Kyrgyzstan
merchant_state_LA
merchant_state_Latvia
merchant_state_Lebanon
merchant_state_Liberia
merchant_state_Lithuania
merchant_state_Luxembourg
merchant_state_MA
merchant_state_MD
merchant_state_ME
merchant_state_MI
merchant_state_MN
merchant_state_MO
merchant_state_MS
merchant_state_MT
merchant_state_Macedonia
merchant_state_Malaysia
merchant_state_Maldives
merchant_state_Mali
merchant_state_Malta
merchant_state_Marshall Islands
merchant_state_Mexico
merchant_state_Micronesia
merchant_state_Moldova
merchant_state_Monaco
merchant_state_Mongolia
merchant_state_Montenegro
merchant_state_Morocco
merchant_state_Mozambique
merchant_state_Myanmar (Burma)
merchant_state_NC
merchant_state_ND
merchant_state_NE
merchant_state_NH
merchant_state_NJ
merchant_state_NM
merchant_state_NV
merchant_state_NY
merchant_state_Nauru
merchant_state_Netherlands
merchant_state_New Zealand
merchant_state_Niger
merchant_state_Nigeria
merchant_state_Norway
merchant_state_OH
merchant_state_OK
merchant_state_OR
merchant_state_Oman
merchant_state_PA
merchant_state_Pakistan
merchant_state_Panama
merchant_state_Papua New Guinea
merchant_state_Peru
merchant_state_Philippines
merchant_state_Poland
merchant_state_Portugal
merchant_state_Qatar
merchant_state_RI
merchant_state_Republic of the Congo
merchant_state_Romania
merchant_state_Russia
merchant_state_SC
merchant_state_SD
merchant_state_Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
merchant_state_Samoa
merchant_state_Saudi Arabia
merchant_state_Senegal
merchant_state_Serbia
merchant_state_Seychelles
merchant_state_Sierra Leone
merchant_state_Singapore
merchant_state_Slovakia
merchant_state_Slovenia
merchant_state_Solomon Islands
merchant_state_South Africa
merchant_state_South Korea
merchant_state_South Sudan
merchant_state_Spain
merchant_state_Sri Lanka
merchant_state_Sudan
merchant_state_Suriname
merchant_state_Swaziland
merchant_state_Sweden
merchant_state_Switzerland
merchant_state_TN
merchant_state_TX
merchant_state_Taiwan
merchant_state_Thailand
merchant_state_The Bahamas
merchant_state_Tonga
merchant_state_Trinidad and Tobago
merchant_state_Tunisia
merchant_state_Turkey
merchant_state_Tuvalu
merchant_state_UT
merchant_state_Ukraine
merchant_state_United Arab Emirates
merchant_state_United Kingdom
merchant_state_Uruguay
merchant_state_Uzbekistan
merchant_state_VA
merchant_state_VT
merchant_state_Vanuatu
merchant_state_Vatican City
merchant_state_Venezuela
merchant_state_Vietnam
merchant_state_WA
merchant_state_WI
merchant_state_WV
merchant_state_WY
merchant_state_Yemen
merchant_state_Zambia
merchant_state_Zimbabwe
